Add agent files to DABs templates (#5996)
databricks/cli: .nextchanges/bundles/agents-md-templates.md

> Bundle templates now scaffold an `AGENTS.md` that points coding agents at Databricks AI Tools, alongside a one-line `CLAUDE.md` that includes it via `@AGENTS.md` ([#5996](https://github.com/databricks/cli/pull/5996)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bundle templates now scaffold an `AGENTS.md` that points coding agents at Databricks AI Tools, alongside a minimal `CLAUDE.md` that includes it via `@AGENTS.md` ([#5996](https://github.com/databricks/cli/pull/5996)).
```

nit: technically not a one-liner
